README for Instance Repository

**GENERAL INFORMATION**

This repository contains the instances and data used in our experiments for the study titled “Two-Stage One-Dimensional Cutting Stock Problem with Flexible Item Sizes in Steel Industry”. 

A set of large identical stock tubes having a length equal to L must be cut into intermediate tubes. Each stock tube must be cut into intermediate tubes having the same length belonging to the set $W = \\{ w_1, w_2, …, w_{|W|} \\} $, where $w_k \in Z^{+}$.Let $I=\\{1,2,...,n\\}$ be a set of n orders. For each order $i \in I$ , we must cut finished tubes of length ranging in $[l_i,u_i], \dot l_i \leq u_i$ , from the intermediate tubes to produce a total length of at least $d_i$ units, the demand size. The problem consists of cutting the minimum number of stock tubes to satisfy the demand using two successive stages: (i) In the first stage, stock tubes are cut into intermediate tubes. A stock tube can only be cut into intermediate tubes of the same length chosen from those available in the set W. (ii) In the second stage, the intermediate tubes produced during the first stage are cut into items of lengths in the required ranges. More than one item of an order can be cut from an intermediate tube.

We assume that parameters $l_i, u_i$ , and $d_i$ are integers and that a discretization equal to one unit is used to define the set of possible lengths, i.e., the set of possible lengths for each order $i$ is defined as $W_i =\\{l_i,l_i+1,...,u_i-1,u_i\\}$ .

**REPOSITORY STRUCTURE**

/Data  -- all instance files

    /SetA

        /SetA-1 -- instances based on Muter and Sezer (2018)

        /SetA-2 -- instances based on Muter and Sezer (2018)

    /SetB  --instances based on Belov and Scheithauer (2002)

    /SetC  -- real-world instances

/Reust  -- the result files for all instance sets

**FILES**

**1. The data files are located in the Data/SetA/SetA-1 directory.**
   
- **Parameters**: All instances are generated with L=8000 and W={1142, 1333, 1600, 2000}. The minimum length value for the items falls within the range [300, 400]. The maximum length for each order is determined by sampling the maximum length   from the intervals  . The demands for each order vary within the interval [10, 100]. The number of orders is drawn from the set N = {5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100}.
- **File name**: In TUBEa_b_c.txt, the total number of orders is $n_a \in N$ , where $n_a$ is the $a$-th element in $N$. The parameter $\theta$ is defined as  $\theta=(\sum_{i \in I}d_i \mod L) / L$, files with b=1 correspond to instances with $\theta \in (0,0.3]$, files with b=2 correspond to instances with $\theta \in (0.3,0.6]$, and files with b=3 correspond to instances with $\theta \in (0.6,1]$. The index $c$ identifies instances with the same $a$ and $b$ parameters. The configurations of $a$, $b$, and $c$ generate a total of 390 instances.
- **Data Structure**: In each file, each row represents the information of an order, where the first column is $l_i$, the second column is $u_i$, and the last column is $d_i$.

**2. The data files are located in the Data/SetA/SetA-2 directory.**

- **Parameters**: All instances in the /SetA/SetA-2 directory are generated with parameters similar to those in the /SetA/SetA-1 directory. The only difference lies in the maximum length for each order, which is determined by sampling the maximum length $u_i$ from the intervals $[l_i+1,2l_i]$.
- **File name**: The file naming convention follows the same structure as in the /SetA/SetA-1 directory. Totally, 390 files are included in the /SetA/SetA-2 directory.
- **Data Structure**: In each file, each row represents the information of an order, where the first column is $l_i$, the second column is $u_i$, and the last column is $d_i$.
  
**3. The data files are located in the Data/SetB directory.**
  
- **Parameters**: All instances were derived from the instance file generated by Belov and Scheithauer (2002), i.e., m100M2l0.1\_75b1\_100L5000g500B1250\_5000, which can be found at https://github.com/CaPaD-cutting-and-packing/TestData. Specifically, 50 instances are included with the number of orders in {97, 98, 99, 100}, where each stock tube corresponds to an intermediate tube, and the value of w falls within the range [5000, 10000]. The minimum lengths $l$ for the items are set equal to the lengths of items in the original instances, within the range [1, 10000], while the maximum lengths are randomly sampled within the range $[l, l+100]$. The item demands were computed based on the original demand values in the range [1, 100].
- **Data Structure**: In each file, the first two rows give the length and total number of the two kinds of stock. The other row represents the information of an order, where the first column is $l_i$, the second column is $u_i$, and the last column is $d_i$.

**4. The data files are located in the Data/SetC directory.**
- **Parameters**: All instances are derived from the real data from a steel plant. The instances were generated as follows, using centimeters as the unit of measurement. The stock length L=8000 and W={800, 888, 1000, 1142, 1333, 1600, 2000}. The minimum length value for the items falls within the range [400, 1200]. The difference between the maximum and minimum lengths lies within [100, 400]. The demand for each order vary within the interval [10, 400]. The number of orders is drawn from the set N = {5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100, 120, 150}.
- **File name**: In TUBEa_b_c.txt, the total number of orders is $n_a \in N$ , where $n_a$ is the $a$-th element in $N$. The parameter $\theta$ is defined as  $\theta=(\sum_{i \in I}d_i \mod L) / L$, files with b=1 correspond to instances with $\theta \in (0,0.3]$, files with b=2 correspond to instances with $\theta \in (0.3,0.6]$, and files with b=3 correspond to instances with $\theta \in (0.6,1]$. The index $c$ identifies instances with the same $a$ and $b$ parameters. The configurations of $a$, $b$, and $c$ generate a total of 450 instances.
- **Data Structure**: In each file, each row represents the information of an order, where the first column is $l_i$, the second column is $u_i$, and the last column is $d_i$. 

**5. The result files are located in the Result.**

- **Result-SetA-1.txt**: Computational results for all instances in Data/SetA/SetA-1 directory. In the file, column "Instance_Index" represents the instance name, which corresponds to the file name in Data/SetA/SetA-1 directory. For each instance, the number of orders ($|I|$), the length of a stock tube ($L$), the size of the length set ($|W|$), the total order demand (Demand), the objective value (OPT_V), the lower bound (LB), and if the instance is solved to optimality (opt) are given.
- **Result-SetA-2.txt**: Computational results for all instances in Data/SetA/SetA-2 directory.
- **Result-SetB.txt**: Computational results for all instances in Data/SetA/SetB directory.
- **Result-SetC.txt**: Computational results for all instances in Data/SetA/SetC directory. 
